[15.0][MIG] hr_expense_substate (#143)
OCA/hr-expense: hr_expense_substate/readme/USAGE.rst

> #. Go to ** Settings > Technical > Database Structure ** and Add  "Base substate".
>     If necessery you can add "target State values" (ex define a substate for "cancel"
>     state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to ** Settings > Technical > Substate Configuration > Base Substate ** and add a "Base Substate".
    If necessary you can add "target State values" (e.g. define a substate for "cancel"
    state).
```

Nitpicking as discovered in: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/pull/1595#discussion_r1669815229
